# Token-Information

A next generation smart contract and decentralized application platform for crypto revolution

The founders of the company ISHU believe their main mission is to build a society united by common desire to learn how to manage sophisticated technologies changing more and more our normal reality. From one side we see and accept the progressive role of digital technologies in the modern world. From the other side we understand not everyone has access to them. A big number of fully-fledged citizens are cut off from technological progress owing to financial, political, geographical, mental and other reasons. We see the digital divide as a global challenge to humankind and are ready to work on overcoming it. Our contribution to deal with this problem is our unique product, a high-tech platform making advanced technologies publicly accessible and Promoting them High tech inevitably becomes part of our everyday life. That’s why we see education and training of millions future users as our primary task. For this purpose we offer to become a part of the global cryptosystem and an international community, where everyone will have possibility to communicate, to gather useful information about new technologies and to get acquainted with technological advances and recent developments in hi-tech industry. We developed powerful platform ISHU COIN based on advanced technologies. However it’s structured the way that every step made by every user is user-friendly and does not require any special knowledge and skills.

website: Projectishu.com
